listen Netflix has been getting some
pretty good directors lately when it
comes to their original films you know
my uncle Croatoan is making one later
this year and he circuses got one
up-and-comer Marty Scorsese is slated
for one next year but if y'all seen
green room and blue ruin you wouldn't
know that Jeremy's Salisbury steak gives
you nothing but meat when it comes to
his stories like if I was being
pretentious if I was tapping into that
side of me I would call his movies
visceral experiences movies that
actually make you feel like you're in a
haunted house and it could because he
was a cinematographer so he knows
exactly how to capture what he wants but
when I saw his newest that TIFF one that
takes place completely in the snow well
that thing made me put on a sweater real
quick I thought this one was a junior
price it's confusing it looks great but
it also has one of the weirdest stories
in all of 2018
let me explain so this story takes place
in Alaska where the Sun sets at 3 p.m.
it's pretty much the norm over there
that if your kid spends one minute too
long outside he's gonna get taken by
whoops and so this lady calls Bernard
who wrote a book about living with
Wolves for a year to come investigate
even though even though I don't know how
he's gonna help when he's moving at
point to speed the twist is however that
it wasn't a wolf who took this child but
this she wore
the lady who lives next door actually
believes that the couple is possessed by
these wolf demons named tor NOC and
they're possessed by darkness hence the
title what yeah I can see people
thinking that it's pretentious say of a
movie you know go ah the darkness
represents darkness but I also see it as
the evil that each person carries in
them right especially when you got guilt
Riley you're trying to make sure that
that part doesn't over consume you
so whether she killed her son because
she wanted her husband to come back from
war or because she's an actual wolf
running a ritual just like the real
wolves who were eating their pup for
survival the bigger twist comes when you
realize that these two ain't even
married their siblings book even
confirms that they're twins I don't know
what it is with 20:18 but these incest
storylines are getting picked up faster
than kids in Atlanta in the 80s granted
when you live in a town called Kela
which is literally based off of a
demonic dog in any went mythology that
feeds on the dead I mean I mean what do
you expect in fact I started questioning
if the kids were even taken by wolves
the ones that we were hearing of or if
it was a ritual that the other parents
were doing or maybe she was and then and
I heard this line so what if this kid
was the one doing all those things and
thus he was the one who the parents had
to kill in order to hold the darkness I
mean he does come from incest so you
know for all I know this could be the
next Joffrey in my opinion they're both
part of this wolf called since they were
raised right I'm not saying that their
actual mystical beings I don't believe
they Ana morphed into the wolves we see
at the end but we see glimpses of this
and their past growing up you know their
whole personality switch whenever they
wear this mask the blood ritual for when
the kid dies and into some freaky deaky
stuff and I almost think that killing
the kid is a part of it hence why the
coffin is already ready when the dad
comes back right why his buddy was ready
to take down a bunch of officers while
he was burning all the evidence that him
and his sister even existed the fact
that even earlier in the movie when she
mimics the scene at the hot springs by
being in the hot tub and then chokes
herself the same way that her brother
will
chili choker it's like they're reliving
this ritual right it's something that
they're partaking of something that they
may have even confessed as a child
Adonis wasn't even done like that so
pretty much I see the whole plan as a
way for them to get closer super messed
up by no but I guess when you don't have
a Jared's in town and you're involved in
wolf mythology this is how you bond
right by the end they practically
baptize themselves in the old Springs
they were raised in as the movie goes
from a hold the dark to hold the moan
and they just disappear into the snow a
lot of people a bunch of you in the
comments aren't gonna like the fact that
the director as well as a screenwriter
and even the author of the book have
have made this one of those where it's
very open into interpretation but you
know there's basics out there that you
can get like them being siblings and all
of this being a part of their plan y-you
know what the dark represents I guess
they kind of leave it up to you but for
me it is a little too on-the-nose to say
it's a dark movie but it is one about
parenting right you got the officer who
barely becomes a parent at 40 Russell
who reconnects to his estranged daughter
by the end when he survives and these
two who realize that their relationship
is strongest as they sacrifice their own
to rebuild their bond in the weirdest
foreplay I've ever seen thank God for
checking out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section a lot of interpretations
for this one you know a lot of people
been saying it's one of the best
shootout scenes a lot of people have
been saying that it's one of the best
shot movies which I truly believe in but
it's weird when it's on Netflix you can
definitely catch it there this was just
a basics not a full rundown because it's
like super confusing with the mythology
and stuff that people were getting but
the basics where is this their siblings
in order for them to bond they had to
get rid of the kid be it because he was
gonna become a serial killer or just
because that was like a sacrifice they
made in their little weird wolf call
definitely let me know your thoughts
down below how you see it don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and I'll
send you a PG rated version of snow dogs